Here's how you do it.
Dad, don't be angry.
I've heard that the fourth line doesn't appear at all,
On the contrary, it is the upper plate set by Wen Dao.
I haven’t seen the entrance and exit faces yet, waiting for the middle faces,
I think this is a trap set by the third subordinate.
Kneeling with their necks on each other's backs, they can reach out to each other,
did you mean,
know our plans,
The fourth line calls it this way,
Very admirable,
You also know, it seems,
We need to go abroad to find some people who are not afraid of death.
Experts, I think so,
People like these in Jiangcheng really cost me too much.
Go in and look for the fourth line,
Reverse the whole family, these people, these people, these people, these people, these people, these people, these people, these people, these people, these people,
You want to find him for me?
Isn't it bad?
Our company's stocks
Suddenly I am crying and facing bankruptcy.
It's up to us
Convict the former property
How could I cry like this?
It must have been very dry every time
All Huisu
All were shut down by Leli Wireless
I have nothing to do with you anymore
This must be spread
I chose you to come in
Why don't you let go?